here are this week's top movies hey
Paris I college' stasis her most
fearsome and personal haunting yet in
insidious the last key the life of an
acclaimed dressmaker is disrupted when
he falls for a young strong-willed woman
and phantom threat you're not cursed
your love by me stop playing this game
I'll be hosting a game in this suite
every Tuesday night the first buy-in
250,000 a highly accomplished woman is
targeted by the FBI in Molly's case when
we saw it
athletes bitten as that's just the tip
of the iceberg see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fantasy
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]